(mystical instrumental music)
The THEO Group,
a group of higher dimensional beings
channeled by Sheila Gillette
has a track record that has brought credibility
to the subject of channeling.
Back in the late 1970s and early 80s,
THEO told of the great economic
and political upheaval
that would heighten between the years of 2012 and 2015.
Now, more than 35 years later,
no one would deny the truth in those words.
With the economy on everyone's mind,
as well as our evolution as a species,
I chose to speak with THEO once again,
focusing on the great opportunity
of these times in which we live.
It was a profound conversation.
It's so nice to be sitting with you again, Sheila.
And this is a proficuous time,
because here it is,
as the first time we've seen you, 2012.
And, of course, everybody's abuzz with 2012
and all the misinformation, disinformation,
misconceptions about what 2012 is,
and that really seems to depend
upon our own mindset to a large degree.
And is that what you're finding?
Oh, definitely.
And you know, THEO's been talking
about 2012 since the 70s.
Since before Jose Arguelles and my book,
The 5th Dimension.
They brought up 2012
and what would be happening.
And that the fifth dimensionary energy's
fully in place now on the planet,
and what that means for all of us.
You know, it's a combination of an energetic shift
that has been going on for several decades.
Right.
And so now, it's just a combination
of that being fully in place.
And what they speak about is it's the opportunity
for all of us to recognize the masters that we are.
And the changes that are coming
are the changes from within.
You know, many have predicted
the world ending and all kinds of things.
That's not gonna happen.
The world is ending as we know it,
in certain structures.
Necessarily so.
But a whole new way of being
is being birthed right now,
for all of us, as a global community.
Common unity of human kind.
Yes, and if we start
looking back on our lives and the consciousness
that existed three decades ago.
When I first started in all of this,
you started probably close to a decade before I did.
As you say, this was way before Jose Arguelles,
before John Major Jenkins started in it.
Before all the people who are really
the grandfathers of this movement now,
THEO was already talking about it.
And I read your book, 5th Dimension, way back.
And that information was a collation
of information from the 10 years prior.
And this, very specifically, the THEO Group
was speaking about 2012 to 2015,
and we're going to talk to THEO about that
in a few minutes.
About very specific things taking place.
And that was 40 years ago.
Yes.
And they really nailed
exactly what's happening right now,
as they always do.
Yeah.
Well, and you know when they start talking about it,
and you know, the Berlin Wall was still in place,
and they said there was gonna be this
global peace that would come,
in time,
through this global community.
You know, the internet wasn't even birthed then.
And so, in my mind was, "Well, okay.
But how is that all gonna happen
without a world war?"
You know, a great world war.
And they said it'll start in the Baltic states,
because it'll be the voice of the people saying,
"We need change."
And I thought, "Oh, okay."
And a few months later,
after The 5th Dimensionary book was out,
in 1988, December of '88,
in August of 1989,
the Berlin Wall came down.
And not really geographically brilliant,
I did not realize that Germany's a Baltic state.
And THEO had said it'll start in the Baltic states.
And it did, then, and it's been an evolution of that.
And now with the internet and technology that we have,
and the global connectivity that we have,
we're witnessing all of these old structures
that don't work, dissolving,
and the people standing up and saying,
"No, we're not going to be dictated to anymore."
And this is happen, as we can see,
this is happening globally.
And even where it's not happening,
there are changes in regimes and power,
and dying away of certain dictatorships and such.
We're witnessing the birth all around us
of something new, but more so,
it's the kind of questions people are beginning to ask.
Very much so.
Inside.
And that seems to be,
and I know THEO talks about this quite a lot.
Yes.
And so, what I thought we would do,
and we've talked about beforehand, obviously,
is if you don't mind,
just stepping aside for a little bit
and letting THEO come through and talk with us.
I'll ask some questions on behalf
of all of our viewers, regarding the times at hand.
Some specifics.
Great.
Okay?
Alright.
We'll see you in a little bit.
Okay, I will invite them in and I'll talk to you later.
Yes, okay.
(heavy breathing)
It is the beginning, is it now?
Yes.
We are appreciative of the opportunity
to be of service unto you.
You may ask.
Thank you for joining us, THEO.
I appreciate your coming through Sheila
to talk to our audience about 2012, that would like,
I would like to have that as the topic today,
if you're good with that.
It is of acceptance, you may ask.
Okay.
We were just, Sheila and I were just talking that
back 40 years ago, nearly 40 years ago,
you were talking very specifically
about events that would begin transpiring
over decades, but start culminating
between 2012 and 2015.
And to start this conversation,
I would like to ask if you could give us
an overview of what you have witnessed
from your dimension that has happened.
The progression of shift in consciousness
and events over the last 30, 40 years
since you first started talking about this through Sheila.
What has been occurring,
is there is a realization of the third dimension,
which is your physical reality.
The fourth dimensionary energy has been
a spiritual awakening, which has been in waves,
decade after decade, in the last 100 years,
in actuality.
Yes, that would be true.
However, what has been happening of late,
there has been a quickening, energetically,
for the fifth dimensionary energy.
Is that, which is the energy, that the masters hold.
That have been the teachers,
that have given prophesies throughout the ages,
holding an energetic level of masterhood.
And in that energy,
is the presence now for all human beings,
to actualize that
within themselves.
So what is occurring now,
are the changes necessary
within each belief system
to accept and know one is worthy
of the masterhood.
And that, which is the divine being that they are.
So it is a process of self-integration,
soul-integration, if you would,
that allows the beings to be conscious,
of the empowerment of this time.
Yes, and this has, there,
I mean, there are certain practices that enhance this,
which we'll go into in a little bit.
But one of the things that's come up recently
is film,
photographs from NASA
that are showing this incredible energy
pulsing from the center of the Milky Way Galaxy,
which, of course, are our sun and solar system
is moving right into alignment with.
And they've talked about this great awakening
happening through these cosmic impulses and energy.
Can you explain the nuts and bolts
of what's happening here?
The explanation, scientifically,
would be far beyond most's comprehension.
But what we speak of is the impact on the individual.
So that which has been dormant
may rise within the individual.
Whether it be emotional or physical.
So one must be attentive
to caring for the physical body
and the emotional experience of one's life.
Recognizing how beliefs have not been
lovable and worthy enough arise.
There's remembrances of those circumstances
and a reframing of those beliefs,
as they are recognized.
No longer unconscious to one's
emotional response to life.
Yes--
And so it is an activation, as it were.
And it's as, yes,
and it's at a time when so many people,
on one hand, you have this beautiful
awakening happening with many.
But on the other, almost equal and opposite to that,
is this fatigue and wariness within
the human population of having been
at our own hand, and also at the hand
of culture at large.
Beating ourselves down into almost
a slave type of mentality of victimization.
Yes, but no one is a victim.
You have all chosen to be incarnate
in this time, which is exquisite.
And if you could see yourselves as we see you,
there would be no discontent.
Can you explain what you see us as?
We see the light being, the divine beings that you are.
Choosing to have an experience in the earthly plain,
which is an emotional learning process.
But a coming together of like mindedness
and with technology as you know it
and the expansion of that, which will continue,
there's a voice and a dialogue that allows
for each of you to know the other.
Whether one lives next door
or across the world, in another place,
you can see that the human species
is one.
With all the dreams and desires each of you have,
and the desire of
love.
To be fulfilled.
To have peace in your hearts.
To have a family structure of great peace and love.
That is the bottom experience of human beings.
Wanting that belonging.
That love.
But first, the self-love,
and that worthiness aspect of it.
Recognizing that, yes, you are divine.
You are the resonance of God embodied.
Yes?
Yes and is it,
just for the sake of using a common vernacular here,
to say that this is the time that the human portion,
the conscious mind, or the more animal portion
of our mind, that's very highly developed,
as our conscious left side of the brain, so to speak,
is beginning to open up to the recognition of,
and allow communication with the sole portion of our being?
That beautiful light that you see?
Yes.
It's that
opportunity of that remembering.
And so, there are many challenges within that.
For it requires one
to step out of the mode of thought,
that you are a victim.
And into the empowered thought
or the causal realm energetically,
that you are the creator.
Which you are.
Indeed and yet,
where we have been for many thousands of years now,
is that the muscle of the left side of the brain,
that has a great need to control.
And not allowing the percolation of this finer
feelingness and finer knowledge of self
to percolate through.
It's almost like an overdeveloped muscle.
It is.
The intellectual mind has given
free reign to itself.
And it truly is a problem solver.
That's it's job, so give it a job.
Give it a problem to solve and get out of the way.
Yes?
(chuckling)
Is this med, is this like what you say the process
of meditation would be,
where we have a, say you have a picture, a thought,
or a mantra, something to give the mind to focus on
while the other does something else?
Yes.
That then there is that openness,
that then you are breathing into their heart,
which is where the soul lies,
and that is the true center, you see.
So you go from the heart to the head
as many speak about.
But in actuality, what you're doing,
is opening that resonance
of the soul,
to have a voice.
Can you speak about this
in a very nuts and bolts fashion,
about the actual breathing?
Because this does come up.
The whole notion of having a spine that is straight.
And with intention, breathing between the heart
and the higher part of our being, into the soul,
can you talk a little bit about how one would
kind of easily start this process for themselves?
It is to pay attention to the breathing, as it were.
To breathe in deeply and exhaling completely.
And as you breathe in,
begin to feel
the oxygenation of the cells.
So there is that connectivity,
that awareness.
Breathing in and out.
Most often, if beings are in thought process,
intellectually, they do not breathe properly.
True.
They breathe enough to stay alive,
but they do not have the depth breadth,
that feeds the cells of the body.
Oxygenazation is very important for health.
Yes.
So breathing deeply,
oxygenating the system,
on all levels of cellular structure,
no illness or disease can live within oxygen.
And that, that's beautiful.
Thank you.
And in addition I'm,
as you're talking, I'm doing this very thing,
and you can feel the tingling that happens.
But what I'm sensing,
is that this other field of us,
that animates the cells, that lives between the cells
of the body, that soul portion,
some kind of different communication
feels like it begins happening
with the oxygenation of the cells.
Can you explain what's really going on
between the soul force and the
electrical part of our being, and these cells?
What occurs when you are breathing properly,
feeding the body, as it were, yes,
that allows a calming
of the mind.
It allows the calming of the musculature,
and it allows for presence,
an awareness on all levels where, there it is,
exterior or interior.
That presence is an awareness that
permeates all that is.
And so, when one comes into contact
with the higher self, the soul,
whatever you wish to speak of it as,
and there's an open receptivity to information
that can be achieved in your conscious state.
So what occurs in this time,
through that relaxation,
through that calming,
your sensory preceptors become quite acute.
So you have your physical sensory preceptors,
your solar plexus,
you have your auditory receptors on the inner mind hearing,
become more acute,
and you are primed and ready for guidance.
And awareness and remembrance to occur.
Beautifully said.
Thank you.
And what happens if we also add the layer of intention,
that it is our deepest desire to know ourselves,
through this process of breathing?
Does it help to set that intention in advance?
It does.
And then allow it to unfold.
If you continue to be in the thought process of it,
then you are resisting.
So let go.
Place intention
and release it.
And pay attention
as it unfolds.
It's nothing that is forced.
It is a practice well done,
because some will be so rigid
in their intellectual prowess,
that it will be difficult to release the
intelligence or intellect,
that wishes to control all things.
So it may take a bit of time,
in the practice of meditation,
for that allowance.
But being habitual about it,
on a daily basis,
allows that, hmmm,
rigidity and restrictiveness
to be eased.
And it will come, no doubt.
And in truth,
(clears throat) excuse me, and in truth,
virtually every
historic and ancient practice,
as you say of the masters,
involves the awareness of their own breath.
That seems to be where everything begins.
It does, yes.
For that is the breath of life, is it not?
Mmmhmm.
So that's beautiful, it's simple, it's achievable.
There's not a person on the planet
who can't understand this and have something
to begin working with, starting right now.
Yes.
And it is the most natural thing,
for human being,
to achieve a meditative state.
It is very natural.
Many are afraid of it,
that it's something that they don't know how to do
and they're going to do it wrong.
Or they can't achieve it,
but if they have other looked out a window
and lost time in space,
in which you would call the daydream,
that it is a meditative state, is it not?
Mmhmm, yes.
So remember, that it is natural.
Very natural to the beingness of the human.
And you can feel it
from the first breath.
You can feel what's happening
in the cells of the body.
Or I do anyway.
I'm assuming a great number of people do,
that have done this in the past,
and will be beginning this practice as of
today.
Yes.
But it is important for them to know
that there's no wrong way.
Yes.
And that the energy surrounding us,
the cosmic influences that are
waving into our solar system and through our planet,
are supporting our doing this.
They're supporting this connection with self.
They're demanding, almost, this connection with self.
Yes, and those who resist it,
will have more difficulty than those
who accept it.
Can you tell me what
that looks like energetically, as well?
We're looking at the beautiful possibility,
and very achievable reality here,
through breath, through,
choosing this relationship with self
that's connected to all else.
What happen, what does it look like
from your dimension,
when you're seeing people that are
going through this resistance process
because life doesn't look like it did before?
It doesn't feel like it did, it's pressured.
When they are resisting,
that which they're resisting will persist.
That role of being the victim
will be exasperated.
Exasperated in many ways.
Bringing out that,
which is very uncomfortable.
Rather than embracing the possibility of change,
allowing to step from that ledge, if you would,
that one foot off,
there will be wings to carry them,
to allow them to fly.
But it is taking that first step
that is the most difficult for those who resist change.
And some will leave the planet.
Yes.
For it will be too difficult for them,
and they will create circumstances
for that to occur.
But those who embrace
all these possibilities
of that fulfillment,
and say yes
to the experience of it,
they will soar.
Beyond anything they've known.
Correct.
Yes.
There, I spoke with a man who is an
Aramaic's scholar
about a year ago,
named Rocco Errico,
and he has a very different view of Christianity,
in that he's looking at
what he feels are much more pure translations.
And so he translated for us the,
what the saying in, the meek shall inherit the earth.
And he's saying,
that the word meek means to be flexible.
To be able to flow with change.
It does not mean weak.
It does not mean weak?
It also has the essence of humility.
For one coming into the fulfillment
of the master that they are,
are not egocentric and self-centered.
They're centered in self.
And there's a resonance of peace within,
that radiates out as peace without.
So those who that are about the beings,
that have fully accepted this within themselves,
will wish to be with Him.
Because the energy is so peaceful,
and that is what brings peace to your world.
If all beings took the responsibility for this
greater path of self-awareness,
as centered in selfness.
Not a self-centeredness.
A centered in soulness,
that pure radiance
of that God-divine self
that you are,
radiating out into the world,
one into the other,
all would be in peace.
And judgement would be relinquished.
For it is the judgments that hold
and the angers, because of judgments and fears.
When there's no fear,
there can be peace, yes?
Yes.
And education is a part of that.
And that is where your technology
will bring about the education
one unto the other.
And when one is aware and educated and understands,
then fear cannot exist.
And part of this fear exists
and has existed for so long, because also,
this physical human aspect of ourselves,
is, the body has been mortal.
Or considered to be or believed to be.
I know you have said that death is a choice,
it's an option.
But up to this time,
we have not seen that as an option.
We've seen it as an absolute.
And so the animal fears for it's own survival.
And now, we're talking about an integration
and understanding of a part
that transcends all of that.
And where in this mix,
it seems the conundrum is in
allowing ourselves to be comfortable with the notion.
That even if this body does go away,
that's not the end of us.
And if we choose not to have the body go away,
then there are other repercussions of dealing
with a very extended lifespan.
Can you speak about that conundrum?
'Cause it's the fear of going away
and not wanting to be apart from our people,
that everyone seems to have to graffle with.
Survival.
Yes.
And the greater fear's abandonment.
For humans are animals, yes?
Yes.
And they're herd animals.
They wish to be significant and to belong.
And so many of the issues
on the emotional level,
about worthiness and lovableness
than acceptability,
come from beliefs of not being that.
And adopting beliefs that are not your own,
to survive in the environment
in which you want to belong.
Whether it be a family, a community, a religion,
a relationship.
And we have seen one's personal essence
for acceptance, yes?
Yes.
In this time,
it is an awareness of self-acceptance,
self-love,
that has been spoken about by many master teachers
for thousands of years, yes?
The loving of self is the core,
and many think in terms of egotism
and narcissism.
We are not speaking of this.
What we are speaking of
is that peace and self-acceptance
and that radiance.
Do you see?
Yes.
And then, within that,
does that begin moving human beings
beyond the fear of death of the physical structure?
When there is that acceptance,
there is no fear.
For there is a connectivity
to all that is.
[Voiceover[ Yes.
And an awareness that you are only
inhabiting a physical structure for a period of time,
for a particular learning,
that the soul desires to have.
And so, then when one knows that,
that soul that you are,
that essence of who you are,
is a continuum.
It is eternal.
It is only form that changes.
However, in this time, as you are speaking about,
the physical and the imbalances there,
as beings do their internal work
and come into the wholeness of their being,
the energy flows within the body
on the cellular level to it's perfection.
And then, there is a process of youthening
or non-aging.
Because there's no resistance
in the cells.
Energetically.
Because all emotional imbalances
held in the body on a cellular level
and in those areas that would be predisposed
to illness or disease.
Then all that energy is a block,
where that energy blocks, then it festers.
And becomes something that you do not want, yes?
Mmhmm.
And so I see, I understand what you're saying
about when we go into this place of grace,
of self-acceptance and genuine
love of our own selves,
where this begins softening those energy blockages.
And then we look at immortality.
There are some other interesting nuances.
We're now in one foot in one,
the old paradigm, ready to let go of that,
having stepped into the new.
And in this graciousness that occurs,
we are looking at, as you say,
longer lifespans, much longer lifespans.
And so then the notion of coming in
for a lesson that may last 70 or 80 years,
or in some cases, 40 or 50 years,
before we leave the body,
we can inhabit the body for over a 100 years
and then beyond that.
And what, and--
And many are, as we speak, yes?
Yes.
And that brings up,
of course we need to have peace with the body.
I mean, that can't happen unless we're
in peace with the body to begin with, right?
Unless we're an internal congruity.
That's what allows for the extended lifespans to
begin with.
Yes.
And this will be common
as I understand it,
as we--
It's becoming
more common, as we speak.
If we look 100 or 200 years
down the road, Earth time,
what kind of lifespans,
say in that near future,
what would we be looking at ordinarily?
150 years.
Okay.
Possibly.
Possibly, yes.
Not for all beings.
You've heard of many stories of a human being
perfectly healthy,
deciding,
I'm complete now.
Going to sleep and not returning.
Mmhmm.
And perfectly at peace with that.
And that's always the soul's choice.
That is the soul's choice,
so what will be realized,
is one does not have to create
a devastating illness,
to leave the body.
When there is that heightened awareness,
they will know of the choice.
And the soul's knowing of it's completion
of it's learning in that period of time,
will be the deciding factor.
So, one has the possibility of longevity
of over 100 years,
for a faculty,
for many fear living longer and not being themselves.
And that does occur.
But for faculty,
then it is a matter of recognizing the choice,
is it not?
Mmhmm.
And on that subject,
there are various texts that speak about
the time we enter into an incarnation,
the time we leave an incarnation.
That the soul has it's own
clock.
That these decisions have been determined
by the soul for specific purpose.
Yes.
And I ask you about this
because so many are afraid,
oh if I eat this, if I do this,
I'm going to die prematurely.
And if we can understand more deeply,
the soul has it's own say in these
important dates in our lives.
Can you speak about that a little bit?
Yes, it's important to understand,
when one's aware of what the body
is speaking that it needs.
Paying attention, being a health advocate,
honoring the physical body
is necessary.
But not to make an intellectual choice
about your diet that does not serve the body.
There are many who become the vegetarians or vegan,
because of an intellectual choice.
And their body truly needs protein
from an animal.
It assimilates it based in that form.
And so, then this body becomes malnourished
and nonfunctional at it's optimum.
But then there's another,
who is better served
by being a vegetarian.
And it's not an intellectual choice.
It's an awareness of what the cells
in the body are speaking.
And this body perfectly aligns to that
and assimilates the nutrients necessary in each cell,
because it's on that vibration.
But that is necessary for the individual to be aware
of the body itself and it's functionality.
And that's a basic responsibility.
And then the overlay of the soul.
Does the soul have, has the soul,
as it comes into an incarnation,
choosing it's gene pool, parentage,
time of birth, and so forth,
does it also choose it's exit?
It does.
The soul chooses the perfect time.
When it is complete,
with that which it is desired to learn from
and to encounter, you might say.
I bring that up because there's
this mass fear of death.
Like it's going to come and get you
in an unexpected fashion,
when you least expect it and least want it to occur.
And, I mean, I don't see it that way.
I see this as a,
this is more an orderly process,
like you say.
It is.
But many are afraid of death
and they're afraid of being in pain
and that they would go into darkness.
And whatever their beliefs might be,
will be realized, you see.
Yes, the darkness.
I think that
Yes.
has to be a large
component of the fear of death for people.
And it's quite the opposite, you see.
It is a birth into a new
energy way of being.
Yes.
But it's never alone.
There are legions of angels there to greet.
As well as loved ones.
It is exquisite.
And as beings,
in their moments
before exiting the physical structure,
have often said to loved ones
how exquisite it is.
So one needs not fear.
And most often,
if there is this time
where the soul goes in and out of the body,
before the full departure,
so there is,
(gentle laugh)
a bit of an experience
to lessen the fears.
Yes, I've seen this.
Yes.
And people think they're hallucinating.
And they are not.
No, they are not.
I wanted to first go into these
most primal issues of our fear of our nonexistence.
Our fear of not being good enough.
Before we really start the 2012 conversation,
because that is really, when it comes down to it,
that's what everybody wants to know about.
In themselves is, how can I elevate my own awareness?
How can I feel better?
How can I participate in this
in a way that is doable?
Because a lot of people believe
they're not good enough, not talented enough.
They're not spiritual enough or whatever,
to reach into this new era,
but in fact,
many, many, many people
aren't even aware of the transitions
that have already happened within.
Is that correct?
That's true.
And so, can we look at this now
more from a, an external,
those are the internal components
from an external societal point of view.
In 20, as I mentioned at the beginning here,
you spoke many, many years ago,
of these transitional years of 2012 to 15,
where we were at the cracks of transition
and you spoke, specifically, of the political and economic.
Yes.
And the economic is at the core
of our external fears for survival.
That we're going to be left
homeless and shivering in the cold,
and penniless.
Which many people have lost their jobs now,
right now.
That this time, and our,
in this kind of fear.
Can you--
Yes, but it's not the true reality.
It's the experience of the now.
That will be changing in tomorrow
or the next moment.
So it's embracing that opportunity of
what growth is here for me now.
What are the issues?
Where does my fear come from?
What belief do I have,
that should be reframed?
What belief needs to be restructured,
or let go of,
to live in a greater abundance?
So many are in fear because of these changes.
Necessarily so.
We spoke about a global economic structure
coming into fulfillment, in this period of time.
And what you born witness to,
in your world,
is the collapse of the global economy.
Yes?
Yes.
And a new one being born.
And many afraid of that.
Holding great fear.
And it is for the betterment of all.
What will come, in a global way,
is that all beings will have the opportunity
of abundance.
And a life lived in that abundance.
So it is not to be controlled by one,
but to be embraced, for it is a new paradigm,
a new form of economy,
that is globally-based.
Yes.
And that is a necessity.
It should not be feared.
And we spoke of this many decades ago.
The other (gentle moan)
is health.
The other is political,
for the political structures do not work.
And new ones are being formed
and you are bearing witness to that, as well,
are you not?
By the people
speaking of, in mass,
of wishing the freedoms
to live a life
of fulfillment.
On all levels.
Economic.
Peace.
Happiness.
Love.
Yes?
Yes.
The old systems are no longer working--
They do not work.
You have to
go through the period of collapse.
Of course.
For the new structures to be built.
And they are being built.
They're just in a ground level.
A foundation building place now.
And THEO, this is something
Scott, my husband and I, and CMN,
we were a conduit for the release of this.
And as, kind of a vague announcement,
as to what is being built underneath,
that will be making itself visible to humans
regarding a new economic structure.
And from what you see energetically,
is that part of what you were speaking of?
Yes, it is.
And in this, there's something that is,
there's a type of,
of course there's fear because people are seeing
the old paradigm-controlling structures of money,
and have great fear that this is going to be repeated,
but just under a different guise.
But as your're saying,
this is holy different.
This is a holy different kind of economy
that is emerging.
It is.
Different players.
Or maybe even transformed players?
Yes.
Both, okay.
Both.
Voiceover] And when you overlay this,
with this pulse of this energy that's coming in,
thinning the veils, allowing us to
operate more from a soul perspective.
The soul prospective, as you have stated before,
can operate at the speed of thought.
It doesn't, you do not have to
drag yourself through the gutter
to earn a dollar.
That is not how the soul creates.
No.
It's a manifestational process, energetically.
So it should come relatively effortlessly,
and with a certain amount of grace,
and not to be depleting of our energies
to earn a dollar any longer.
Correct.
This is occurring.
It is being formed as we speak.
And all can participate.
And in this, the fear comes from the
(soft chuckle)
classes, you might say.
The better than, the lesser than.
And the beliefs about money
must change.
Absolutely.
For money has no energy in of in itself.
It is a belief that gives it power.
Or those who have it, power.
You see?
For ones that abdicate to them.
When one feels empowered
and abundant,
and it's not about how much.
It is a feeling and a belief with it.
There is a person in the world that could have $1,
and feel as if they have the greatest wealth of all.
Because it is a belief and knowingness that,
that is their greatest abundance.
And another would believe that they are paupers.
Yes?
Yes.
And is there an element of this where,
as you say, our thinking around
economy and money has to shift?
Right now, it's drilled into us from birth.
We must start savings account for our child.
We have to save, save, save.
And stockpile these little units of currency,
so that we'll be safe into our future.
And there's no safety.
It's already been proven, has it not?
(chuckles) Yes.
That those who saved, saved, saved,
and had this amassed amount of money,
have lost it all.
Yes.
And so now we have to look at our ability, then.
as beings, to be able to manifest exactly
what we need and desire,
for our use in that moment.
Correct.
This isn't about stockpiling.
It's about being perpetually creative.
Correct.
And those that have been,
feel very comfortable
in knowing that they have the skills to survive.
Because they have the awareness
of the manifestational experience.
Yes.
And I wanted to tie this together,
because this whole economic system coming in,
I've thought about this a lot.
I've been thinking about this,
and it's totally consistent
with the energy impulse.
With the notion of the energies coming in
to support our transformation in 2012.
Of course the systems have to be transformed
with us genuinely.
Yes, because they do not work, and it's
(soft hum)
what you're seeing is old structures,
old buildings.
The pyramids.
The sphinxes.
The different structures, such as this
have been iconic, in the world,
are dissolving, as well, are they not?
And they are saying it is the environment
that is doing it.
But it is only, in our manifestation
of what is happening to all structures
that do not serve any longer.
They must crumble and pass away.
Yes, for the new to be built.
So now let's talk a little about
the political situation of the world.
We all know what's going on.
There's the Occupy Wall Street, the Arab Spring,
the change of governments,
they passing away of elders, in the case of Korea,
a younger generation coming in to
now take leadership.
And as you're talking about this breaking down,
we still have this game of elections,
the illusion of free elections and all this coming up.
What will this break down actually look like
before the system will simply get out of our way,
so people can recreate something better?
It's happening as we speak.
The dissolving, the dissolution of these old paradigms
do not work.
And what you're witnessing, this dissatisfaction
of the beings upon the planet saying,
"These do not work. We want them to change."
Now there are those that, as you spoke of Occupy,
throughout the countries of the world,
you have seen this rising up of the individuals saying,
"This isn't working."
And then in some cases, being infiltrated by
those who wish to continue to control.
But all that which has been hidden,
all the deceptions that have been
bubbling to the surface.
Just as if there's an illness in the body.
A virus.
And then there's a fever that happens to the body
to burn out all of that virus
and release it.
So this is what's happening in the world, you see.
And when we look at it,
if I'm looking at it right now, I'm thinking,
we have another election coming up,
with another sham.
It's just public relations, and fantasy spin,
and lying outright to the public,
and hiding misdeeds, and all the usual businesses,
business as usual.
How does it actually,
maybe you can give us a little hint of what's coming,
how does it just break down?
I mean, are we talking anarchy,
or are we talking something viable,
surprisingly rising to the surface and being supported?
A new kind of person or,
what's it look like?
What's this collapse going to look like.
A new form of electoral will occur.
You're speaking of the country of which you live,
yes?
Yes.
A new form of voting, by all,
will arise through technology.
For it's in place.
It can be utilized.
But those empowered in this system
of the past, do not want this.
Of course.
But they will be overpowered by the people.
Wishing to have their voice heard.
Now will this be by,
right now, we're in 2012, early 2012.
Will this be by, maybe the next election cycle?
It's possible by the next, not this one.
Not this one, no.
This is still the old way.
People are not happy with it but it's still
the old way.
They're disgusted
with it, most are.
And by the personalities that create
this old paradigm of negativity,
without solutions,
without ideas and creativity.
That is what you're witnessing.
And the need for compromise and collaboration,
must come,
as you know.
So we're looking at probably
the election of 2016 or 2020.
And there, by then this new system
should have been given birth to.
The old one should have crumbled away.
Yes.
So it's not too far out.
But we need to have this to start creating ourselves.
We need this understanding,
so we can create the new.
And this is only, I assume, a reflection of
what's going to be happening globally.
It is.
We have spoken of what would happen
in other parts of the world,
and it began in the Baltic states,
as we stated many decades ago.
But it is in the entirety of the world.
Yes, in the Arab world,
with the Arab Spring and the continuing conflict
that goes on there.
Some of it has been infiltrated, we know that.
A lot of it is through the genuine desire
of the people for change.
Yes.
Again if we look about 20 years
down the road into the Arab world,
what is that going to look like, feel like for the people?
What will have been accomplished by then?
There will be a restructuring within this,
because it's already begun.
And they have no idea of what it looks like, as yet.
But because of this upheaval,
there will come a,
(pondering moan)
a collective group
from the different countries,
or one could call them tribes, yes?
That will come together
and communicate
and come into an agreement that is better
for the whole region of the world,
rather than for one.
Because it will not serve just the one.
And because of the global communication,
they will understand that there needs to be
this conversation.
And a collective agreement.
They can all disagree and they can come with new ideas
and they can come with ideas of solutions,
just as it would be in the country of which you live,
and Europe, the dialogues will begin.
And there will be a global political structure,
much like your United Nations,
only a bit more powerful.
Not in the negative of enforcement,
as it has been in the past
(sorrowful moan)
when there's been a war,
but it will be more in the collective consciousness
and ideas, one might think
of as corporations do in think tanks.
Taking the baste of the ideas and implementing them
for the betterment of all, not for the control of all.
Mmhmm, and in this, I assume,
there's going to be a dissolution of the European Union,
as it stands right now, and a restructuring
on another level?
I mean, people are talking about this.
I don't know if this is a reality.
It will not completely dissolve,
because they have the idea necessary
for this collective awareness and working together.
It's been a bit damaged,
in it's conception,
but it will be restructured
in a way that will be good.
And, okay.
And I just got, just made me aware.
We've been, I've been enjoying this talk so much,
I had no idea so much time has passed.
This has been valuable and beautiful,
but I have more questions, so I'm going to have to
do a little switch of subject here.
But to segue into it.
We're going to be looking at religions
of the world, softening, taking on more genuine
spiritual values in general, I assume.
The collective psyche is going to be
understanding our role on a different level,
no matter what the religious basis has been?
What you're talking about is dogma.
Yes.
And so what is being recognized through
this educational process,
again, as we spoke of, as knowledge being powerful.
So when one knows the truth of their religious concepts,
and how much alike they are,
there will be less fear.
But what you speak about is dogmatic,
fanatical expression.
In all religions.
In all religions, not just one, but all of them.
The true teachers of them did not
wish to control the masses
in the way the political structure
of religion has created.
Power, politics, money.
And so when there's knowledge of how these
teachers taught and the similarities
and the connectivity to source,
and the individual's divinity,
then it is only a recognition
of the different celebrations of the one,
is it not?
Mmhmm.
And when beings are empowered
on a soul level to have their direct connection,
it is only then just a gathering
of their community for that celebration.
And not the dogmatic rules and political structures
that will drop away.
And so we're looking really at more,
genuine cultural and tribal, globally,
cultural and tribal celebrations.
Our own unique flavor and color.
Yes.
And without fear.
And this is one of the fears
people have had about globalization,
is that somehow, we're all wearing,
you know, the same suits.
And we're all have the same dogma,
and this is not true.
There's nothing in this that should
be taking away from our uniqueness
as cultures, is there?
No.
It only makes you stronger.
It does not make you weaker as an individual.
If you own your own personal power,
you are aware of your full soul's essence.
There's the ability for vulnerability,
living authentically, being in your truth at all times,
not relinquishing your power for acceptance sake,
maintaining boundaries.
Creating abundance with ease.
Yes.
And so, that is a glimpse
into what we are, in this moment,
creating for ourselves.
And we're getting a great amount of help, I assume,
from other beings that have been here.
To help us and to love us through this process.
And now I want to come to one final subject,
and that is the notion that many have
wondered about, it's called a formal kind of disclosure.
Where moving beyond interdimensional,
such as yourself through Sheila,
contact but moving into,
perhaps moving into other third dimensional beings,
in their own vehicles, with their own types of bodies.
You know, coming to Earth, it's called disclosure.
Is a type of disclosure with what we call extraterrestrials,
going to be happening in the near future?
It would.
Yes.
Because there's less fear.
Again, the education.
The knowledge of that possibility.
And that they're not malevolent.
That they are here and expressing.
And there are some in physical bodies already.
To experience the earthly experience.
If you think about it,
you're all aliens.
We are.
And that's a very good point
I would love for you to continue on.
None of us are native to this.
That's correct.
You are individual souls,
choosing to inhabit a physical structure
that works upon this earth.
And if it's a being
from another place, another dimension,
another planet, why shouldn't they have
an equal right to do the same?
They do.
And they do.
Yes, and many of us are them, as a matter of fact.
Correct.
So we need to start getting
comfortable with our multi-dimensionality
and our space brothers and sisters
and become more interplanetary
in our thinking.
More inviting perhaps.
Yes.
THEO, any final thoughts
you'd like to share with us,
with the remaining time we have?
It's an exquisite time
to be alive on this planet for this
grand transformation of consciousness,
that is at hand.
So embrace it, do not resist it.
The embracing allows that fulfillment to be.
God's love unto you.
Thank you very much, THEO.
Good day.
Well.
Hi.
That was absolutely lovely.
I think we touched on most of
the deepest subjects that we really
need to start contemplating as a species, Shelia.
I don't know
how much you
Oh good.
remember when you come back,
but it was a lovely conversation with THEO.
Oh good, I'll be,
I'm looking forward to hearing it.
When you see it yourself.
Just at the very end, we talked about something.
This great fear of the divide over the
types of beings and who's going to
have supremacy over this earth,
and Hollywood creating these horrible fear scenarios that,
you know, superpower, super beings
are going to come over, come into
our dimension, are going to invade this planet
and all of this B.S. and
dominate us.
They are depicted
as monsters.
Oh, it's just an awful scenarios,
that Hollywood's putting this great fear into people
and as THEO was just saying,
and this is my experience, I totally concur,
that we're all aliens here.
We've all come for this experience.
There's no one native to this planet,
except perhaps the original animals and plants.
So, we might as well start embracing each other,
not just here,
but beyond.
That's true.
And any thoughts of your own?
We have a couple minutes left on tape
of this whole 2012 phenomena,
because you're doing private sessions
for people all the time.
And hearing the fears bubble up on your radio show.
What is it you want to say, to just like,
cut the fear?
You know, it's just embrace the possibility.
If you could just, stay in the moment,
because THEO's been teaching me
for over 40 years.
And all of us.
And I have used their teachings
to do the work myself.
And I know it works.
I know if you go in and do the integrative processes,
then you do become better at manifestation.
You become better, healthier,
you become better with your family members
and your friendships.
Just everything blossoms.
And it's been my personal experience
working with the information,
and doing it.
It's just wrapping your arms around it.
And because most of us think,
if we go inside,
and we open that Pandora's Box,
we're gonna find out
we're as bad as we think we are.
And it's the complete opposite.
As THEO says,
you find the divine being that, that is you.
Yes.
And that's a blessing.
And in closing, I want to say,
I've come to know you well now.
It's been our pleasure to become
friends with you and Marcus.
And there's just this beautiful resonance,
but I have witnessed what you're saying in your life.
I've seen they way,
what you have manifested for yourself,
in your life, by way of grace, and peace, and beauty.
By living these principles THEO has given you
through the years, and I have to say,
from what I witnessed, it absolutely works.
And I want to thank you so much
for being so gracious, as to give us your time once again.
Oh thanks, Regina, it's been my pleasure.
And I love the friendship, as well.
To have more insights on what THEO
has to say about our times from
relationships to ascended consciousness and more,
you can go to Sheila and Marcus's website,
asktheolive.com,
to listen to live THEO channelings every Tuesday.
Until next time, thanks for watching CNM.